datacube doc updates (#35)
Open-EO/openeo.org: documentation/1.0/datacubes.md

| 3 | `bands`          | `blue`, `green`, `red`, `nir` | 4 bands |
| 4 | `t`              | `2020-10-01`, `2020-10-13`, `2020-10-25` | 12 days |

> Dimension labels are either of type number or string, including all sub types such as integers or temporal strings. Additional data types may be allowed in the future. Dimensions with a natural/inherent label order (with a reference system this is each spatial and temporal dimension) are always sorted. Other dimensions where there is no inherent order, including bands, have the order in which they have been defined in metadata or processes (e.g. [`filter_bands`](https://processes.openeo.org/#filter_bands)) and new labels are added at the end.

Author: ```suggestion
Dimension labels are either numerical or text (also known as "strings"), which for example also includes textual representations of timestamps. Dimensions with a natural/inherent order are always sorted. This are usually all spatial and temporal dimensions. Dimensions without inherent order, for example `bands` in openEO, retain the order in which they have been defined in metadata or processes (e.g. [`filter_bands`](https://processes.openeo.org/#filter_bands)) and new labels are added at the end.
```
Would change like so.
What is meant by ".. new labels are added at the end."? Before, label order is described. How does that connect to labels being added at the end - what end?

> Dimension labels are either of type number or string, including all sub types such as integers or temporal strings. Additional data types may be allowed in the future. Dimensions with a natural/inherent label order (with a reference system this is each spatial and temporal dimension) are always sorted. Other dimensions where there is no inherent order, including bands, have the order in which they have been defined in metadata or processes (e.g. [`filter_bands`](https://processes.openeo.org/#filter_bands)) and new labels are added at the end.

Reviewer: Sounds good. 

Labels are like an array which have the order as defined, but new labels are added to the end of the array.

> Dimension labels are either of type number or string, including all sub types such as integers or temporal strings. Additional data types may be allowed in the future. Dimensions with a natural/inherent label order (with a reference system this is each spatial and temporal dimension) are always sorted. Other dimensions where there is no inherent order, including bands, have the order in which they have been defined in metadata or processes (e.g. [`filter_bands`](https://processes.openeo.org/#filter_bands)) and new labels are added at the end.

Author: ```suggestion
Dimension labels are either numerical or text (also known as "strings"), which for example also includes textual representations of timestamps. Dimensions with a natural/inherent order are always sorted. This are usually all spatial and temporal dimensions. Dimensions without inherent order, for example `bands` in openEO, retain the order in which they have been defined in metadata or processes (e.g. [`filter_bands`](https://processes.openeo.org/#filter_bands)). New labels are always added at the end of the label array.
```
would make an own sentence then.

> Dimension labels are either of type number or string, including all sub types such as integers or temporal strings. Additional data types may be allowed in the future. Dimensions with a natural/inherent label order (with a reference system this is each spatial and temporal dimension) are always sorted. Other dimensions where there is no inherent order, including bands, have the order in which they have been defined in metadata or processes (e.g. [`filter_bands`](https://processes.openeo.org/#filter_bands)) and new labels are added at the end.

Reviewer: Wait, this only applies to those bands without inherent order, so the "always" might be confusing. For temporal/spatial (with inherent order) they are added in the right spot with ordering. That's why it was in one sentence.

> Dimension labels are either of type number or string, including all sub types such as integers or temporal strings. Additional data types may be allowed in the future. Dimensions with a natural/inherent label order (with a reference system this is each spatial and temporal dimension) are always sorted. Other dimensions where there is no inherent order, including bands, have the order in which they have been defined in metadata or processes (e.g. [`filter_bands`](https://processes.openeo.org/#filter_bands)) and new labels are added at the end.

Reviewer: Maybe:

> For those other dimensions, new labels will be added after the last label.

> Dimension labels are either of type number or string, including all sub types such as integers or temporal strings. Additional data types may be allowed in the future. Dimensions with a natural/inherent label order (with a reference system this is each spatial and temporal dimension) are always sorted. Other dimensions where there is no inherent order, including bands, have the order in which they have been defined in metadata or processes (e.g. [`filter_bands`](https://processes.openeo.org/#filter_bands)) and new labels are added at the end.

Author: ```suggestion
Dimension labels are either numerical or text (also known as "strings"), which for example also includes textual representations of timestamps. Dimensions with a natural/inherent order are always sorted. This are usually all spatial and temporal dimensions. Dimensions without inherent order, for example `bands` in openEO, retain the order in which they have been defined in metadata or processes (e.g. [`filter_bands`](https://processes.openeo.org/#filter_bands)), with new labels added at the end of the label array.
```

> Dimension labels are either of type number or string, including all sub types such as integers or temporal strings. Additional data types may be allowed in the future. Dimensions with a natural/inherent label order (with a reference system this is each spatial and temporal dimension) are always sorted. Other dimensions where there is no inherent order, including bands, have the order in which they have been defined in metadata or processes (e.g. [`filter_bands`](https://processes.openeo.org/#filter_bands)) and new labels are added at the end.

Reviewer: The array was just for descriptive purposes, it's not necessarily an array internally. So would prefer to not say "label array", which is not used anywhere else.

So maybe:

> , with new labels being added after the existing labels.

> Dimension labels are either of type number or string, including all sub types such as integers or temporal strings. Additional data types may be allowed in the future. Dimensions with a natural/inherent label order (with a reference system this is each spatial and temporal dimension) are always sorted. Other dimensions where there is no inherent order, including bands, have the order in which they have been defined in metadata or processes (e.g. [`filter_bands`](https://processes.openeo.org/#filter_bands)) and new labels are added at the end.

Author: > with new labels simply appended to the existing labels

or
> with new labels simply added after the existing labels

?

> Dimension labels are either of type number or string, including all sub types such as integers or temporal strings. Additional data types may be allowed in the future. Dimensions with a natural/inherent label order (with a reference system this is each spatial and temporal dimension) are always sorted. Other dimensions where there is no inherent order, including bands, have the order in which they have been defined in metadata or processes (e.g. [`filter_bands`](https://processes.openeo.org/#filter_bands)) and new labels are added at the end.

Author: adding "simply" and fiddling with this to come up with a sentence that I would've understood :)

> Dimension labels are either of type number or string, including all sub types such as integers or temporal strings. Additional data types may be allowed in the future. Dimensions with a natural/inherent label order (with a reference system this is each spatial and temporal dimension) are always sorted. Other dimensions where there is no inherent order, including bands, have the order in which they have been defined in metadata or processes (e.g. [`filter_bands`](https://processes.openeo.org/#filter_bands)) and new labels are added at the end.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dimension labels are either numerical or text (also known as "strings"), which for example also includes textual representations of timestamps. Dimensions with a natural/inherent order are always sorted. These are usually all spatial and temporal dimensions. Dimensions without inherent order, `bands` in openEO for example, retain the order in which they have been defined in metadata or processes (e.g. through [`filter_bands`](https://processes.openeo.org/#filter_bands)), with new labels simply being appended to the existing labels.
```

> Dimension labels are either of type number or string, including all sub types such as integers or temporal strings. Additional data types may be allowed in the future. Dimensions with a natural/inherent label order (with a reference system this is each spatial and temporal dimension) are always sorted. Other dimensions where there is no inherent order, including bands, have the order in which they have been defined in metadata or processes (e.g. [`filter_bands`](https://processes.openeo.org/#filter_bands)) and new labels are added at the end.

Reviewer: Some additional changes above for better grammar, I think. Integrating your latest proposal, I like the "appended"

> OpenEO datacubes contain scalar pixels, with all other information stored in dimensions (e.g. coordinates or timestamps). Additional attributes (e.g. "CRS" or "Sensor") can also be turned into dimensions. Be advised that in such a case, the uniqueness of pixel coordinates is affected. When usually, `(x, y)` refers to a unique location, that changes to `(x, y, CRS)` when `(x, y)` values are reused in other coordinate reference systems (e.g. two neighbouring UTM zones).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenEO datacubes contain scalar values (e.g. strings, numbers or boolean values), with all other associated attributes stored in dimensions (e.g. coordinates or timestamps). Attributes such as the CRS or the sensor can also be turned into dimensions. Be advised that in such a case, the uniqueness of pixel coordinates may be affected. When usually, `(x, y)` refers to a unique location, that changes to `(x, y, CRS)` when `(x, y)` values are reused in other coordinate reference systems (e.g. two neighboring UTM zones).
```

::: tip Be Careful with Data Types

> As stated above, datacubes only contain scalar pixels. However, data types are handled by each backend individually. To avoid unhandled data types, steer clear of changing or mixing data types in datacube functions. Do not rely on a backend to automatically do conversions for you, unless explicitly stated by that backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As stated above, datacubes only contain scalar values. However, implementations may differ in their ability to handle or convert them. Implementations may also not allow mixing data types in a data cube. For example, returning a boolean value for a reducer on a numerical data cube may result in an error on some back-ends. The recommendation is to not change the data type of values in a data cube unless the back-end supports it explicitly.
```

Author: ```suggestion
As stated above, datacubes only contain scalar values. However, implementations may differ in their ability to handle or convert them. Implementations may also not allow mixing data types in a datacube. For example, returning a boolean value for a reducer on a numerical data cube may result in an error on some back-ends. The recommendation is to not change the data type of values in a datacube unless the back-end supports it explicitly.
```
data cube -> datacube

Author: ```suggestion
As stated above, datacubes only contain scalar values. However, implementations may differ in their ability to handle or convert them. Implementations may also not allow mixing data types in a datacube. For example, returning a boolean value for a reducer on a numerical datacube may result in an error on some back-ends. The recommendation is to not change the data type of values in a datacube unless the back-end supports it explicitly.
```

Reviewer: Looks good.
